### Hi, I'm Lukas!

I'm a data analyst and programmer who has worked in the healthcare industry in the US for the past 6+ years. My interests lie in the intersection between math, biology, and computer science. I mainly work in `Python`, `R`, `SQL`, and `SAS`, and am always excited to learn new coding languages and data analysis techniques.

I use this profile to store projects I work on in my free time. Feel free to poke around and message me if you have any questions or requests - the README for each package contains project overviews as well as examples and illustrations. I'm always looking for new projects and collaborators, so please reach out if you're interested in working together.

Check out some of my repositories:
- [Heart-Disease](https://github.com/lukas-owens/Heart-Disease) is a data exploration and predictive modeling analysis of risk factors for coronary heart disease (CHD) based on a survey of adult males in three rural communities in South Africa. I explored the interaction between various risk factors such as age, family history, tobacco use and other possible indicators. I started this project while studying for the Predictive Analytics actuarial exam and it uses many of the techniques covered in that syllabus.
- [Baseball-Ratings](https://github.com/lukas-owens/Baseball-Ratings) is a hobby project of mine that calculates Elo-like ratings for MLB teams for the past decade using the Retrosheet database. It has some fun visualizations of team performance for recent years.
- [Hospital-Index](https://github.com/lukas-owens/Hospital-Index) is a visualization of Medicare FFS inpatient claims at hospitals in the US based on publicly-available fiscal year 2015 data from CMS. I used this data to plot hospital volume by county and calculated a case-mix index based on standard DRG weights by region. My goal was to practice using common geographic mapping packages in `R` using some data sets I'm familiar with.
- [Parallel-Processor](https://github.com/lukas-owens/Parallel-Processor) is a Python script I wrote several years ago for queueing many tasks across different machines connected on a local network. I mainly wrote it to practice using Python's networking features but it can be useful for setting up distributed computing tasks quickly in a pinch.
